docs: Update Swissquote article with information on the scheduler and dashboards (#29030)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/user-stories/swissquote.md

<figure markdown>
  ![Swissquote scheduler dashboard](../assets/images/swissquote_stats.png){ loading=lazy }
  <figcaption>A dashboard we made at Swissquote to keep our Renovate runs in check, November 2023.</figcaption>
</figure>

We don’t force any team to use Renovate, each team can decide to opt-in and do it for each project separately.

Some statistics:

- 857 repositories enabled out of about 2000 active repositories
- 11000 PRs were merged since we installed Renovate
- 239 PRs were merged last month
- 2 SSDs died on our Renovate machine with the number of projects to clone again and again

### How does the scheduler work ?

The scheduler is a Node.js application which handles an in-memory queue and starts Docker containers to run Renovate on.
Our custom scheduler application regularly sends points to an InfluxDB which we then display in Grafana.

Here is how it works:

<figure markdown>
  ![Swissquote scheduler diagram](../assets/images/swissquote_stats_collection.png){ loading=lazy }
  <figcaption>The diagram explaining how our scheduler interacts with Renovate.</figcaption>
</figure>

All the information on the dashboard you saw above is created from three measurements:

> 1. Queue: Every 5 minutes, we send a status of the queue size and number of jobs currently running.
> 2. Webhook: When receiving a webhook request, we send a point on the duration of treatment for that item.
> 3. Runs: After each run, we send a point on the duration, success and number of PRs created/updated/merged/closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Queue: Every 5 minutes, we send a status of the queue size and number of jobs currently running
1. Webhook: When receiving a webhook request, we send a point on the duration of treatment for that item
1. Runs: After each run, we send a point on the duration, success and number of PRs created/updated/merged/closed
```

Quick fix for the linter complaint, and some style fixes.

- Add missing top blank line around list.
- Only use `1.` in the ordered list. This way we can easily move items around, without messing up any numbering. :wink: 
- Drop punctuation at the end of list items.

<figure markdown>
  ![Swissquote scheduler dashboard](../assets/images/swissquote_stats.png){ loading=lazy }
  <figcaption>A dashboard we made at Swissquote to keep our Renovate runs in check, November 2023.</figcaption>
</figure>

We don’t force any team to use Renovate, each team can decide to opt-in and do it for each project separately.

Some statistics:

- 857 repositories enabled out of about 2000 active repositories
- 11000 PRs were merged since we installed Renovate
- 239 PRs were merged last month
- 2 SSDs died on our Renovate machine with the number of projects to clone again and again

### How does the scheduler work ?

The scheduler is a Node.js application which handles an in-memory queue and starts Docker containers to run Renovate on.

> Our custom scheduler application regularly sends points to an InfluxDB which we then display in Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our custom scheduler application regularly sends data points to our InfluxDB database, which we then display in Grafana.
```

- Maybe data points is clearer than just points?
- Might be good to mention that InfluxDB is a database?
- Add a comma to separate the parts about sending data, and displaying the data

Author: Yes indeed it's better to put data points

Here is how it works:

<figure markdown>

>   ![Swissquote scheduler diagram](../assets/images/swissquote_stats_collection.png){ loading=lazy }

Reviewer: First off: I like the new image! :heart: 

Is _all_ the information from the diagram also explained as plain text below?

Author: Thanks :)

Everything is mentioned, but I did not go into detail on purpose and link our conversation in November as a link for more information. Since the rest of the article gives an overview, I didn't want this part to have too many details.

Reviewer: That's okay! 😄 Can you, or a maintainer resolve this conversation? I can't resolve my own conversation. 🙃

>   <figcaption>The diagram explaining how our scheduler interacts with Renovate.</figcaption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <figcaption>A diagram explaining how our scheduler interacts with Renovate.</figcaption>
```

</figure>

All the information on the dashboard you saw above is created from three measurements:

> 1. Queue: Every 5 minutes, we send a status of the queue size and number of jobs currently running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Queue: Every 5 minutes, we send the status of the queue size and the number of jobs currently running
```

> 1. Webhook: When receiving a webhook request, we send a point on the duration of treatment for that item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Webhook: When receiving a webhook request, we send a data point on the duration of treatment for that item
```

It's not clear to me who or what _receives_ a webhook. Is that important to know at this point? Also should it be `point` or `data point`?

Author: True, I could change to mention that it's GitHub that sends a webhook

> 1. Runs: After each run, we send a point on the duration, success and number of PRs created/updated/merged/closed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Runs: After each run, we send a data point on the run duration, success and number of PRs created/updated/merged/closed
```

- Same point/datapoint thing here.
- Maybe expand _duration_ to _run duration_?

> The queue is filled either by webhooks or re-queueing all repositories at regular intervals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The queue is filled by webhooks _or_ by re-queueing all repositories at regular intervals.
```

For each repository we start a Renovate Docker image, and pipe its logs to a file.

> This allows us to run 10 workers in parallel, we could do more but decided not to hammer our GitHub instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows us to run ten workers in parallel.
We could technically run more workers but decided not to hammer our GitHub instance.
```

Let's split this into two shorter sentences.

> If you wish to know more, more details can be found in a [discussion from November 2023](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/discussions/23105#discussioncomment-6366621).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more details in this [discussion on the Renovate repository, from November 2023](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/discussions/23105#discussioncomment-6366621).
```
